Refactored Encoding section to Gen2 (#288)
luxonis/depthai-docs-website: source/pages/faq.rst

Can DepthAI do Arbitrary Crop, Resize, Thumbnail, etc.?
#######################################################

> Yes, see `here <https://docs.luxonis.com/projects/api/en/v2.2.1.0/samples/14_1_color_camera_control/>`__ for an example of how to do this, with WASD controls of a cropped section.  And see `here <https://github.com/luxonis/depthai-shared/pull/16>`__ for extension of the cropping for non-rectangular crops, and warping those to be rectangular (which can be useful for OCR).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, see `here <https://docs.luxonis.com/projects/api/en/latest/samples/ColorCamera/rgb_camera_control/#rgb-camera-control>`__ for an example of how to do this, with WASD controls of a cropped section.  And see `here <https://github.com/luxonis/depthai-shared/pull/16>`__ for extension of the cropping for non-rectangular crops, and warping those to be rectangular (which can be useful for OCR).
```

- Warp/Dewarp (for RGB-depth alignment/etc.)
- Enhanced Disparity Depth Modes (Sub-Pixel, LR-Check, and Extended Disparity), `here <https://github.com/luxonis/depthai/issues/163>`__
- SPI Support, `here <https://github.com/luxonis/depthai/issues/140>`__

> - Arbitrary crop/rescale/reformat and ROI return (e.g. `here <https://docs.luxonis.com/projects/api/en/v2.2.1.0/samples/14_1_color_camera_control/>`__)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Arbitrary crop/rescale/reformat and ROI return (e.g. `here <https://docs.luxonis.com/projects/api/en/latest/samples/ColorCamera/rgb_camera_control/#rgb-camera-control>`__)
```

 - RGB and Mono Encoding, `here <https://docs.luxonis.com/projects/api/en/latest/samples/VideoEncoder/rgb_mono_encoding/#rgb-mono-encoding>`__.
 - RGB Encoding and MobilenetSSD, `here <https://docs.luxonis.com/projects/api/en/latest/samples/mixed/rgb_encoding_mobilenet/#rgb-encoding-mobilenetssd>`__.
 - RGB Encoding and Mono with MobilenetSSD and Depth, `here <https://docs.luxonis.com/projects/api/en/latest/samples/mixed/rgb_encoding_mono_mobilenet_depth/#rgb-encoding-mono-with-mobilenetssd-depth>`__.
 - Encoding Max Limit, `here <https://docs.luxonis.com/projects/api/en/latest/samples/VideoEncoder/encoding_max_limit/#encoding-max-limit>`__.

Alternatively, to leverage this functionality from the :code:`depthai_demo.py` script, use the `-enc` (or `--encode`) to specify which cameras to encode (record), with optional `-encout` arguemnt to specify path to directory where to store encoded files. An example is below:

.. code-block:: bash

  python3 depthai_demo.py -enc left color -encout [path/to/output]

To then play the video in mp4/mkv format use the following muxing command:

.. code-block:: bash

>   ffmpeg -frame rate 30 -i [path/to/output/video.h264] -c copy [outputfile.mp4/mkv]

Reviewer: It actually gets converted directly to mp4, so this isn't needed

OAK-D, OAK-1, OAK-D-IoT-40, etc. all support continuous video autofocus ('2' below, where the system is constantly autonomously
searching for the best focus) and also and :code:`auto` mode which waits to focus until directed by the host, in addition to region-of-interest based focus, where the focus is automatically focused around a region provided to DepthAI (e.g. from a neural network bounding box, or some other real-time or apriori setting).

> - See `here <https://docs.luxonis.com/projects/api/en/v2.2.1.0/samples/14_1_color_camera_control/#source-code>`__ for an example of switching back/forth between autofocus and manual focus, and commanding specific manual-focus positions.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- See `here <https://docs.luxonis.com/projects/api/en/latest/samples/ColorCamera/rgb_camera_control/#rgb-camera-control>`__ for an example of switching back/forth between autofocus and manual focus, and commanding specific manual-focus positions.  
```

Auto-Focus (AF)
***************

> - See `here <https://docs.luxonis.com/projects/api/en/v2.2.1.0/samples/14_1_color_camera_control/#source-code>`__ for an example of switching back/forth between autofocus and manual focus, and commanding specific manual-focus positions.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- See `here <https://docs.luxonis.com/projects/api/en/latest/samples/ColorCamera/rgb_camera_control/#rgb-camera-control>`__ for an example of switching back/forth between autofocus and manual focus, and commanding specific manual-focus positions.  
```

It is possible to set frame duration (us), exposure time (us), sensitivity (iso) via the API.  And we have a small example for the color camera to show how to do this for the color camera, which is here:
https://github.com/luxonis/depthai/pull/279

> We have now made the Exposure commands more self-documenting (`here <https://github.com/luxonis/depthai-core/issues/11>`__).  And see `this example <https://docs.luxonis.com/projects/api/en/v2.2.1.0/samples/14_1_color_camera_control/>`__ for controlling exposure, and setting auto or manual for exposure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have now made the Exposure commands more self-documenting (`here <https://github.com/luxonis/depthai-core/issues/11>`__).  And see `this example <https://docs.luxonis.com/projects/api/en/latest/samples/ColorCamera/rgb_camera_control/#rgb-camera-control>`__ for controlling exposure, and setting auto or manual for exposure.
```
